# PHP.earth documentation

This is a living repository of courses, articles, and frequently asked questions
about PHP and development.

The following chapters will point out relevant topics to learn PHP and full stack
development. Further resources to study particular topic in more details can be
found in the `See also` sections.

## [Vanilla PHP](/php)

Course containing everything you need to get up and running from first steps to
modern and advanced PHP usage.

## [Security](/security)

Web application and PHP security chapter.

## [Miscellaneous](/misc)

Various topics to learn more about PHP and development. From PHP frameworks,
testing, code quality, APIs and more.

## [Interoperability](/interop)

To successfully work with PHP, there are many libraries and tools available.
This chapter explains some of the recommended interoperability things required
for building web applications with PHP.

## [Docker for PHP developers](/docker)

Docker provides a way to run applications isolated in containers.

## [JavaScript for PHP developers](/js)

Going into full stack development with JavaScript articles, frequently asked
questions, and tips customized for PHP developers. To successfully develop
applications here are some recommended development libraries and resources you
will like and can enrich experience.

## [Linux](/linux)

PHP.earth Linux repositories.

## [PHP tips](/tips)

Simple and stand alone PHP tips and tricks.

## [C for PHP developers](/c)

PHP and its extensions are written in C programming language. This course
includes an introduction to C. After this course you'll be more confident in
your knowledge of C programming and will be able to create C programs and PHP
extensions.

## [Frequently asked PHP questions](/faq)

Qualified and unbiased answers to the most frequently asked questions about PHP.

## How to learn?

Learning is a very important part of every developer to stay current. Everyone
has their own preferences and approaches for learning. Key to success is to keep
learning throughout your entire career.

Learning tips: Make dedicated time for learning, take small steps, study each
topic in details. Even if it may seem that you will not need particular topic
now, it might be useful later on in some project of yours.

You will be able to recall where to look further again in the future when you
will need to solve similar development problem.

Writing blog posts or articles as you learn something new is also advised for
multiple reasons: sharing the knowledge with others and to strengthen your
knowledge on the particular topic.
